URL: http://www.hindilyrics.net/lyrics/of-Friday%20Night%20Everybody%20To%20The%20Disco.html
TITLE: Friday Night Everybody To The Disco Lyrics (Hide and Seek)
METADATA:  Name: description - Content: Friday Night Everybody To The Disco lyrics in hindi and English from Hide and Seek.
DATE: Thu Jan 01 05:30:00 IST 1970
DOCID:1618
Song Friday Night Everybody To The Disco
Movie Hide and Seek 
Singers Aanchal Bhatia, Chirantan Bhatt, Jaspreet Kohli
Music ByPritam Chakraborty
LYRICS:   Hindi Lyrics > Hide and Seek > Friday Night Everybody To The Disco   Following is the lyrics of 'Friday Night Everybody To The Disco' song from hindi movie 'Hide and Seek'.   Song: Friday Night Everybody To The Disco Movie: Hide and Seek Singer(s): Aanchal Bhatia, Chirantan Bhatt, Jaspreet Kohli Music By: Pritam Chakraborty Friday Night Everybody To The Disco Lyrics from Hide and Seek 

 Thode se claasy hum, thode se retro Thode se desi hai, thode se metro We like the hip hop, thoda sa bhangada bhi We love the cafechino but rather sugar bhi ho We like the pastas, turn up the sub base Boomba boom boom, playing right in your face ?? for smsing, se karate hai hum setting Cricket pe thodi betting, chhodo na jaane do Hum toh hai jaise rahenge waise Ghur ke hamako dekho na aise Bye sa kehdo, waise to issko Friday night everybody to the disco A o a na na na na na..... We love the beauty parlers, salads and maskaara Size zero plus some fashion is lashkara Being hottest being cute mantra hamara Mood swings no ?? attitude saara We don'  t dunno wanna there is time for it We can call us by maddona we don'  t care a bit We sweat on our treadmill, we love to be fit Break up make up we don'  t give a shit, what....  Paisa hai plastic raatein elastic Weekends at goa, ain'  t it fantastic Jindagi celebration karo apni dance session Hamse hai saara pasion, let it be drastic Gym jaake muscle flex, late night multiplex Lete hain compliments, dete hain complex We love the aquafa, videos on youtube baar We don'  t know ??, beat the generation next ??? aur house parties aise hi hai hum Come on say cheese, bye sa kehdo, waise to issko Friday night everybody to the disco A o a na na na na na..... We just party mitra jithe dil kar da Dil kar da on the ?? nachana We don'  t care for the world, we are what we are Balle balle kar deta dhol bajata Sade naal move karle groove karke ta dekho Are you ready  Thode se claasy hum, thode se retro Thode se desi hai, thode se metro We like to be attractive, 24x7 active Padhna bhi lazy somo watching the tv shows Sunte hai ragaas even the r & b Thode se talli, that how we like to be Party is on the chatting we love the harness .. We like to go for racing, running on nitro ?? kuchh naye tattoos Ek nayi hair style, tell him i love leather shoes We got the groove, what do we need more Friday night everybody to the disco
 Other 'Hide and Seek' Songs: 1: Hide N Seek 2: Kaise Jiyu O Rabba 3: Friday Night Everybody To The Disco 4: Kaisa Yeh Safar Hai, Maula 5: Friday Night Mix 6: Jingle Bells Get Weekly Movie Updates Want to suggest any changes to the lyrics of 'Friday Night Everybody To The Disco' from 'Hide and Seek'? Please do so in the comments section below:. Follow Latest 10 Hit Songs 1: LUV LETTER 2: Ghaati Trance 3: Tere Sang Yaara 4: Toh Dishoom 5: Befikra 6: Mirzya 7: Labon Se 8: Sau Tarah Ke 9: Tum Ho Toh Lagta Hai 10: Long Night Latest 10 Movie Releases 1: The Legend of Michael Mishra 2: GHAATI TRANCE 3: Rustom 4: Dishoom 5: Befikra 6: Mirzya 7: A Scandal 8: TUM HO TOH LAGTA HAIN 9: Dillagi 10: Sultan "); Hindi Lyrics By Movie Title 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | Top Songs
