URL: http://www.hindilyrics.net/lyrics/of-Exotic.html
TITLE: Exotic Lyrics (Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull)
METADATA:  Name: description - Content: Exotic lyrics in hindi and English from Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull.
DATE: Thu Jan 01 05:30:00 IST 1970
DOCID:3520
Song Exotic
Movie Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull 
Singers Priyanka Chopra and Pitbull
LYRICS:   Hindi Lyrics > Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull > Exotic   Following is the lyrics of 'Exotic' song from hindi movie 'Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull'.   Song: Exotic Movie: Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull Singer(s): Priyanka Chopra and Pitbull Exotic Lyrics from Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull 

 Cool me down i'm feeling so exotic Yaa right now I'm hotter than the chocolate Take me down mr. worldwide Mumbai cuba baby let's go priyanka La-love me all the way to rio Desi girli'm feeling so exotic (Tumko jo dekha maine toh maine ye jaan liya hai Pardesi baabu ne iss desi dil ko maan liya hai) - 2 I'm like bon jovi In music game i'm more of a dead than alive But that's okayi live with it That's why i live everyday like my last Priyanka step on gas from morocco to mumbai Bollywoodhollywood is all about the money Hey Baby it's so beautiful must be been the sea But if you want the wildest Just you come with me come with me Come with me (Cool me downi'm feeling so exotic Yaa right now i'm hotter than the chocolate Take me there Mumbai cuba baby let's go La love me all the way to rio) - 2 Desi girli'm feeling so exotic (Tumko jo dekha maine toh maine ye jaan liya hai Pardesi baabu ne iss desi dil ko maan liya hai) - 2 To cuba's freei can't go But i meet you in rio for sure But performing a pits sharp in miami How many he need a old school for Got women but both lows Were from duchiesrolex and cocos To the exehumors turks and cacoas No more rumors maybe say sos It ias a fact there is no liar Give me ready over fetcher In the lie us ms world & mr worldwide You already know That this thing is on fire Baby it's so beautiful must be been the sea But if you want the wildest Just you can with me come with me La-la-la-lacome with me (Cool me down i'm feeling so exotic Yaa right now i'm hotter than the chocolate Take me there mumbai cuba baby let's go La love me all the way to rio) - 2 Desi girli'm feeling so exotic - 2 (Tumko jo dekha maine toh maine ye jaan liya hai Pardesi baabu ne iss desi dil ko maan liya hai) - 2  Cool me downi'm feeling so exotic Yaa right nowi'm hotter than the chocolate Take me theremumbai cuba baby let's go La love me all the way to rio Desi girli'm feeling so exotic (Tumko jo dekha maine toh maine ye jaan liya hai Pardesi baabu ne iss desi dil ko maan liya hai) - 2
 Other 'Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull' Songs: 1: Exotic Get Weekly Movie Updates Want to suggest any changes to the lyrics of 'Exotic' from 'Priyanka Chopra Feat. Pitbull'? Please do so in the comments section below:. Follow Latest 10 Hit Songs 1: LUV LETTER 2: Ghaati Trance 3: Tere Sang Yaara 4: Toh Dishoom 5: Befikra 6: Mirzya 7: Labon Se 8: Sau Tarah Ke 9: Tum Ho Toh Lagta Hai 10: Long Night Latest 10 Movie Releases 1: The Legend of Michael Mishra 2: GHAATI TRANCE 3: Rustom 4: Dishoom 5: Befikra 6: Mirzya 7: A Scandal 8: TUM HO TOH LAGTA HAIN 9: Dillagi 10: Sultan "); Hindi Lyrics By Movie Title 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | Top Songs
