URL: http://www.hindilyrics.net/lyrics/of-Sunny%20Valentine.html
TITLE: Sunny Valentine Lyrics (Rockin Meera)
METADATA:  Name: description - Content: Sunny Valentine lyrics in hindi and English from Rockin Meera.
DATE: Thu Jan 01 05:30:00 IST 1970
DOCID:4837
Song Sunny Valentine
Movie Rockin Meera 
Singers T.Q., Tatyana Ali
Music By Satish Ajay, Param Gill, William Storkson
LYRICS:   Hindi Lyrics > Rockin Meera > Sunny Valentine   Following is the lyrics of 'Sunny Valentine' song from hindi movie 'Rockin Meera'.   Song: Sunny Valentine Movie: Rockin Meera Singer(s): T.Q., Tatyana Ali Music By: Satish Ajay, Param Gill, William Storkson Sunny Valentine Lyrics from Rockin Meera 

 Let me have your hand, let me ?? Sun is so beutiful, can never be replaced Smile u gave me, since it is down my ?? Ever since the first day i had to make you mine I love you meera And i love you when you laying next to me And there is no better feeling in the world no no Only thing i have to ask you will you marry me Forever be my girl, it is beautiful day I need you o my my, my sunny valentine For ?? for you and i, my sunny valentine  In my dreams all i wish to make you mine Sunny valentine I can'  t sleep when you are not by my side Sunny valentine My everyngthing, i don'  t have the words For the joy you bring, i ?? to the world Hey i am such a lucky girl When i think of you it makes me wanna sing You are my ?? my heart my soul And if you are not there n i don'  t wanna ?? I stay with you forever baby Just wanna you to know, i really love you This beautiful day I need you o my my, my sunny valentine For ?? for you and i, my sunny valentine  In my dreams all i wish to make you mine Sunny valentine I can'  t sleep when you are not by my side Sunny valentine I love to meera just ?? clearer, can'  t get you out of my mind Sunny valentine And i love you my ??, this feeling just don'  t stop And i wanna make you mine, my sunny valentine I love you my meera, it just ??? get clearer Can'  t get you out of my mind, my sunny valentine And i love you my ??, this feeling just don'  t stop And i wanna make you mine, my sunny valentine
 Other 'Rockin Meera' Songs: 1: Kabaddi Rap 2: Illusive Rain 3: O Laila 4: Sunny Valentine 5: Tune Aag Laga Di Dil Mein (Laila) Get Weekly Movie Updates Want to suggest any changes to the lyrics of 'Tune Aag Laga Di Dil Mein (Laila)' from 'Rockin Meera'? Please do so in the comments section below:. Follow Latest 10 Hit Songs 1: LUV LETTER 2: Ghaati Trance 3: Tere Sang Yaara 4: Toh Dishoom 5: Befikra 6: Mirzya 7: Labon Se 8: Sau Tarah Ke 9: Tum Ho Toh Lagta Hai 10: Long Night Latest 10 Movie Releases 1: The Legend of Michael Mishra 2: GHAATI TRANCE 3: Rustom 4: Dishoom 5: Befikra 6: Mirzya 7: A Scandal 8: TUM HO TOH LAGTA HAIN 9: Dillagi 10: Sultan "); Hindi Lyrics By Movie Title 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | Top Songs
